In this lesson, we will cover three parts.
First, we'll go over EHR dataset levels.
In this part, there three levels: line, encounter, and longitudinal.
By the end of this section,
you'll be able to identify the level of
your dataset as well as conduct tests and transform your data.
Next, we will go over dataset splitting without data leakage,
which can be a major issue in EHR datasets.
By the end of part 2,
you'll be able to implement some basic tests to help prevent issues when splitting data.
Finally, we will cover feature engineering with TensorFlow.
In this part, we will cover ETL using the Dataset API,
this will allow you to scalably process and transform your data for modeling on GPUs.
You will also be able to transform datasets using
the TensorFlow feature column API for both numerical and categorical features.
The feature column API can be extremely useful for transforming
datasets at scale and building some unique feature types.
So let's get started.